There once was a man named Steve.  He was never the type of person who would be considered a protagonist because he was always in the backgroud of the action.  The world Steve lived on, Pandora, was always filled with action. Steve would greet everyone he meet with a "Heyoooooooo" no matter who they were or what they were doing.  But then one day, Steven came across an annoying little robot and it was the first time Steve didn't say "Heyoooooooo" as a greeting.
(SB) The robot hovered 70 inches off the ground. About the size and shape of a toaster, the thruster-less robot floated towards Steven with its side broadcasting a humanoid face. "Wha-- what are you?" cried Steven in shock. Steven was well adjusted to robots at kiosks in the mall or at the grocery store, but the hovering face before him spooked him. Its face, casted on an LCD display, resembled something familiar. "Hello Steven, I am Unit #54825 v1.32.01, but you would better know me as your consciousness preserved following your death. I've come back in time to warn you of your untimely demise and help you stop it." Steven was dumbstruck. Not only did this conscious preserving technology baffle him, but the mention of time travel made him think he officially lost his sanity. "Uh..." Steven stuttered. "What do I have to do?". 
(CV) The robot calmly uttered, "Follow me", hurrying off with an urgency to make Steven all the more confused. He followed the head through the busy city streets of Pandora, almost running now to keep up. The people he passed gave confused waves, expecting the usual "Heyooooo" but standing there, left hanging. The robot lead Steven all the way back to his home, a quaint apartment complex on the outskirts of the city. The two of them rushed upstairs and stopped before his apartment. The robot whispered, "It can't be found I was here by anyone else, but your sister will be waiting inside. Do as she says to save yourself." Steven nodded and opened the door. Sure enough, his sister was there, a remote control in her hand and an open cardboard box on the dining table behind her. She gave him a devious smirk. "Would you please do the dishes for me, Steven?"
